Most of the pitches will sound similar, the only differences will be tailoring the email to each show so the topics you suggest Chip talk about in an interview with them are relevant to their podcast specifically. 

Pitches are very similar to raps out in the canvass. We follow the same skills: confident language, assume support, KISS, targeting. We also follow the structure of: friendly intro, followed by why we're emailing and closing with the ask, for e.g. "I'd love to introduce you to Chip! I can simply send him your online scheduler, or make an email introduction"

I am attaching a few examples for you for some other clients so you can get a feel for how some other bookers have pitched guests. 


Example:

Dear XX,

How are you? I'm reaching out because I have a client who would be a great guest for XX.

BOLD NAME HERE is a DESCRIPTION who is CREDENTIALS

I have attached First Name's one sheet - if you agree that they're a great fit, I would love to connect you!

/////////
Example 2:

Decode DC
Hi Rachel,

I'm Emma; I work with the team at Interview Connections. Nice to meet you!

I came across your show while Googling for good political podcasts, and I believe I have a guest who would be a great fit for your show! He focuses on public policy, passing legislation at the local and state level, and tackeling the difficult questions all Americans are asking, like "why is the two party system broken", "what is the impact of new pedia and social media on campaigns", and "what will the political environment look like in the coming months"?

Chip Lake served as Chief of Staff to a member of Congress from 2005 - 2011. Currently, he serves as principle to the consulting firms Glendale Strategies, Inc. (a full service public affairs and political consulting firm) and Twin Oaks Connect, Inc. (a one-stop-shop GOP Voter contact firm). Chip specializes in assisting community organizations and candidates navigate the political system when working to pass or defeat critical legislation.

I am attaching Chip's one sheet for your consideration; if you agree he's a fit, I would be delighted to connect the two of you! Please let me know.

Thank you Rachel, and I appreciate your time.

Best regards,
Emma Laroche
